Israel has carried out multiple strikes
in Gaza killing more Palestinians from
the north to the south of the strip at
least 14 Palestinians were killed in an
Israeli strike on a residential home in
the nerat refugee camp that's in central
Gaza the Palestinian civil defense is
working as you see there to recover
victims from under the rubble dozens of
wounded people have been taken to the
alaa hospital in daral Bala in a
separate attack in nerat the Israeli
military bombed a school housing dis
placed Palestinians many of them are
still trapped inside during Israel's war
on Gaza its forces have repeatedly
struck schools hospitals and mosques
housing displaced Palestinians alaz
hanim Mahmud is in deral Bala outside
alaka Hospital hany what more have you
been able to find out about these
attacks on
nerat yes just within the past 30
minutes the tragedy started to unfold
about the overnight attack on this
particular residential home in a NRA
refugee camp that has been under heavy
aerial bombardment for the past week but
this particular residential home it's a
three-story building uh full of
displaced families have been Sheltering
inside the building for the past months
but more recently newly displaced
families moved to this residential homes
seeking shelter uh when it was bombed
yesterday one particular family has been
inside inside this residential home
evacuating all the way from ra City to a
refugee camp seeking safety and
protection we're inside this residential
home now we talked to eyewitness who
described the house fully packed with
people including many children's entire
families they assessed that the number
is very close to 100 people were inside
this home and just from talking to
family who are remaining family members
who were waiting for civil defense crew
members to uh remove bodies from under
the rebels they're talking about it
close to 40 people who are still trapped
under the reubel so far five of these
people have been removed by civil
defense crew by paramedics they all
transferred here to Ala Hospital there
are still more people under the rubel
the talks right now is about the
difficulty that the civil defense crew
members are facing and removing these
large pieces of concrete and help those
who might have survived the attack and
the fact that there is a there there's a
newly displaced family under the rebels
just one more proof that this really
military Narrative of safe zones and
evacuation orders have been largely
contradictory and misleading people end
up within days sometimes within hours
being killed inside the the residential
home they are taking as a shelter and a
protection to provide protection for
themselves and their family members on a
separate attack Israel military attack
also an evacuation Center that's a
school that has served for the past
months as as a as a shelter humanitarian
shelter for displaced families who did
not find a place in the Central Area
particularly in nor refug Camp to stay
in that's what's going on up till this
moment we're still waiting for more from
the civil defense crew members on the
ground who as I stated they're finding
it quite difficult to remove uh rubbles
and help those who might have survived
the attacks has been close to 7 hours or
a little over 7 hours right now so the
chances are very slim right now
meanwhile the Israeli military keep
pushing deeper in eastern part of raah
city and right now the entire Jan
District as well as as Salam and the
Brazil neighborhood are under military
uh under the control of the Israeli
military as they push tanks and armed
vehicles in the area those neighborhoods
they are at the eastern part of RA City
but they are at the western side of
Salah Road and that's put put the
central part of raah city as well as the
western part where hundreds of displaced
families are still there inside their
tents they put their life at risk as
more evacuation orders reach the Kuwaiti
hospital where medical staff were
ordered by the really military to
evacuate the hills facility right away
and honey the injured from the attacks
that you described earlier many of them
have been brought to alaa hospital where
you're reporting from we know hospitals
are really low on fuel on power how is
aloa doing are they still able to
provide care and treat
patients quite difficult situations
inside the hospital just a few minutes
before uh I I came for this report I did
a brief walk around the hospital and
within its corridors and I I could see
how overcrowded the corridors let alone
the rooms inside the hospital where
literally patients and injuries are on
the floor of the hospital I could see
the exhaustion on the faces of the
medical staff who are have been working
tirelessly for the past months trying to
provide a medical support and medical uh
help for the injuries and the patients
but the hospital right now is it's
working Beyond
its capacity it's running out of space
and right now the tragedy is it's
running out of a fuel and with the
ongoing closure of The Crossings and no
fuel no other basic necessities
including medical supplies and food
supplies and also Water Supplies are not
being allowed to enter uh the Gaza Strip
right now there is a risk that this
Hospital uh not only it's shutting down
major parts of its services and
department but the risk right now is
going to reach to the ICU and operation
room rooms in which doctors are not
going to be able to sustain operations
and provide necessary medical
intervention to save lives the hospital
is hours away from uh being shutting
down completely all of its services and
this is very consistent with the
statement we heard from the Gaza
European hospital that is warning within
hours it's going to also shut down all
operations because of lack of a fuel
that prevents it from continuing to
provide any medical intervention
necessary right now to save lives Al
here is honey Mahmud reporting from darl
biologist outside alaka hospital where
they uh the situation as regards power
is critical thank you very much
honey make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer